README.md, before:

# my-firefox-config
A config that tweaks Firefox to be more private and to have a cleaner look

# user.js tweaks

The user.js is derived from [Arkenfox](https://github.com/arkenfox/user.js), with personal modifications
I try to always update mine when upstream gets updated

# Theme tweaks

The theme files are from [uc.css.js by aminomancer](https://github.com/aminomancer/uc.css.js) and [firefox-csshacks by MrOtherGuy](https://github.com/MrOtherGuy/firefox-csshacks), with some of my own modifications added on top of them

# How to set up

You just need to copy the contents of this repo into the Firefox profile directory. [How to find it](https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/profiles-where-firefox-stores-user-data#w_how-do-i-find-my-profile)

If you would like to use the theming scripts included (old screenshot action button, old style icons), you need to install [fx-autoconfig](https://github.com/MrOtherGuy/fx-autoconfig). You can find the installation steps in their readme. There is nothing else you need to do, the scripts should be able to run right after installation.

Commit message:

Add custom theme URL to README

README.md, after:

# my-firefox-config
A config that tweaks Firefox to be more private and to have a cleaner look

# user.js tweaks

The user.js is derived from [Arkenfox](https://github.com/arkenfox/user.js), with personal modifications
I try to always update mine when upstream gets updated

# Theme tweaks

The theme files are from [uc.css.js by aminomancer](https://github.com/aminomancer/uc.css.js) and [firefox-csshacks by MrOtherGuy](https://github.com/MrOtherGuy/firefox-csshacks), with some of my own modifications added on top of them

For the color theme, I made a version of the [Atom One Dark theme](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/atom-one-dark-theme-oliverp) that can be downloaded from the official Firefox theme store.

# How to set up

You just need to copy the contents of this repo into the Firefox profile directory. [How to find it](https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/profiles-where-firefox-stores-user-data#w_how-do-i-find-my-profile)

If you would like to use the theming scripts included (old screenshot action button, old style icons), you need to install [fx-autoconfig](https://github.com/MrOtherGuy/fx-autoconfig). You can find the installation steps in their readme. There is nothing else you need to do, the scripts should be able to run right after installation.
